    Imagine if da Vinci were reborn today and logged into social media,
what would he think? He would see everything from military leaders announcing
troop movements and heads of state building policies to the daily lives of
the citizens living by those laws and the everday struggle of artists baring
their souls. He would see the adolescent chaos of our human brains learning to
integrate with the rigid constraints of a new technology even more transformative
than the plow, pen and press. Surely, he would be inspired and the communication
system of the next century would be developed in half a year.
    As technology allows enables the development of technology, our
generation finds itself in a time of exponentially increasing personal effectiveness.
This rapidly increasing potential makes the existential threats against
our planet and society that much more grave. In this time of accelerating change, 
we don't have time to wait for the next da Vinci. All of us - scientists, engineers,
everyday goodhouseholders and social leaders - must work together to build an
egalitarian communication system that will encourage the free exchange of ideas
from all perspectives while allowing for the synthesis of the best solutions to
problems we don't even know we have. 
    Communication systems are enabling technologies. As automation allows us to hold
conversations with more and more people, our social networks will look less like
villages and more like cities. As cryptography and biometrics enable truly
fair voting, digital democracy will form the foundation for the first egalitarian
society. fMRIs will teach us how to use the secrets of neurocognitive linguistics
to manage the corpus of human knowledge and machine learning will augment our
pattern recognition capabilities.
    These are just some of the capabilities of an everyday communication system
in 100 years. Those aspects of social media that appear accross so many applications, 
particularly those that also appear to have neural correlates, give us hints about
what this system will look like. Certainly, there will be something like tags or categories,
some temporal ordering of replies, encryption and autonomous agents for extracting
information and repetitive tasks. I believe that if we all work together to build
this system today, we will build a truly egalitarian system where all voices are
heard and find a powerful tool to mitigate these existential risks.